[New Entry] Swap Method Maps C++ (#5549)
Codecademy/docs: content/cpp/concepts/maps/terms/swap/swap.md

---
Title: '.swap()'
Description: 'Exchanges the content of two maps.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Game Development'
Tags:
  - 'Objects'
  - 'OOP'
  - 'Classes'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-plus-plus'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.swap()`** function exchanges the content of two maps of the same type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In C++, **`.swap()`** function exchanges the contents of two maps in constant time, provided the maps are of the same type, though their sizes may differ.
```

## Syntax

The `map1` is the map whose contents are exchanged with the contents of `map2`.

```pseudo
map1.swap(map2);
```

> 

Reviewer: Please add the description for the parameters as well:
- `map1`: The first map whose contents will be swapped.
- `map2`: The second map to exchange contents with `map1`.

> > **Note:** If `map1` and `map2` are not of the same type then a compilation error will occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If `map1` and `map2` are not of the same type (i.e., they do not have the same key and value types), a compilation error will occur because `std::map::swap()` requires both maps to have the same type.
```

## Example

> The following example shows how the `swap()` method works:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how the `.swap()` function works:
```

Reviewer: since we have mentioned it as a function above, lets stick to that

        cout << "Key: " << it->first<< ", Value: " << it->second << endl;
    }
    
    cout << "Before swap Map2:\n";
    for(map<int, string>::iterator it = map2.begin();it != map2.end();++it) {
        cout << "Key: " << it->first<< ", Value: " << it->second << endl;
    }

    // Swapping the contents of map1 and map2
    map1.swap(map2);
    
    cout << "After swap Map1:\n";
    for(map<int, string>::iterator it = map1.begin();it != map1.end();++it) {
        cout << "Key: " << it->first<< ", Value: " << it->second << endl;
    }
    
    cout << "After swap Map2:\n";
    for(map<int, string>::iterator it = map2.begin();it != map2.end();++it) {
        cout << "Key: " << it->first<< ", Value: " << it->second << endl;
    }
    
    return 0;
}
```

The output of the above code will be:

```shell
Before swap Map1:
Key: 1, Value: one
Key: 2, Value: two
Key: 3, Value: three
Before swap Map2:
Key: 4, Value: four
Key: 5, Value: five
Key: 6, Value: six
After swap Map1:
Key: 4, Value: four
Key: 5, Value: five
Key: 6, Value: six
After swap Map2:
Key: 1, Value: one
Key: 2, Value: two
Key: 3, Value: three
```

## Codebyte Example

> Running the below codebyte example shows how the `swap()` function works:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the below codebyte example to know how the `.swap()` function works:
```
